Feat/historical_forecasts accept negative integer as start value (#1866)
unit8co/darts: CHANGELOG.md

### For users of the library:

> **Improvement**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Improved**
```

- `TimeSeries` with a `RangeIndex` starting in the negative start are now supported by `historical_forecasts`. [#1866](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/1866) by [Antoine Madrona](https://github.com/madtoinou).

> - Added a new argument `start_format` to `historical_forecasts()`, `backtest()` and `gridsearch`; an integer `start` can be used as a `RangeIndex` position (previously, had to be able of the index). [#1866](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/1866) by [Antoine Madrona](https://github.com/madtoinou).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new argument `start_format` to `historical_forecasts()`, `backtest()` and `gridsearch` that allows to use an integer `start` either as the index position or index value/label for `series` indexed with a `pd.RangeIndex`. [#1866](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/1866) by [Antoine Madrona](https://github.com/madtoinou).
```

> - 🔴 Added a new argument `start_format` to `historical_forecasts()`, `backtest()` and `gridsearch` so that `start` can be provided as a 'positional index' (positive or negative) or a point of the time index ('value index', default behavior). [#1866](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/1866) by [Antoine Madrona](https://github.com/madtoinou).

Reviewer: I think it's okay as `start` is a kwarg and at position 6, so small risk of users not using the keywords.
